Proficient in building apps using Objective-C
Expert understanding of iOS SDK 
Push
Core Location Services
Biometric Authentication
(MVP, MVVM, VIPER) and reactive programming
Solid grasp of mobile networking concepts 
RESTful API and GraphQL web services
Git
Experience with Xcode profiling tools to identify and improve app performance
Memory management
Multithreading
Networking & Security
Strong understanding of multi-tier architectures
Design Patterns 
Knowledge on how to implement and manage RESTful API’s.
Experience in TDD or BDD a plus.
Strong knowledge of iOS UI design principles, patterns, and best practices
Performance and memory management concepts

Experience with Unit Testing

Demonstrated mastery of UIKit, CoreData, Auto Layout, Core Animation.
Significant experience efficiently interacting with RESTful network services.
Skilled at application architecture, informed opinions on pros and cons of multiple MV* design patterns, dependency injection, asynchronous flow management techniques.
Expertise writing unit tests with XCTest or other iOS testing frameworks.
Expertise with concurrency using GDC, performance tuning, and memory optimization.
Solid familiarity with the tools of the trade: Xcode, Instruments, etc.

Experience working with the latest iOS tools and App Bundles
Experience with web services and API implementation/integration

Experience or familiarity with one or more of the following technologies: Objective-C, Swift, XCTest, MVC, MVVM, XCUITest, Cocoapods, SPM, Alamofire, Jenkins

Significant experience with app distribution and continuous integration tools and best practices

What Will Make You Stand Out:
*iOS expertise is a must, but additional Android experience is ideal.
Proficiencies with Java and Kotlin
Understanding of current Android development and backwards compatibility best practices
Knowledge of the Gradle build system
Familiarity with iOS Human Interface Guidelines
Experience with the Redux pattern of unidirectional data flow
Experience mentoring other mobile engineers
Experience supporting mobile SDKs
Experience building mobile applications with React Native
Experience owning the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications using best practices for testing, monitoring and observability
You maintain a high level of craftsmanship about your work, the end experience of the user, and impact on overall product
Demonstrated good communication skills with other engineers and teammates regardless of seniority

Responsibilities
• Creates, maintains and enhances iOS applications as part of a durable product team.
• Researches, evaluates and implements new technology to optimize application efficiency and usability.
• Designs new functionality based on product backlog priorities and coordinates development efforts in collaboration with durable product team and cross-functional organizations
• Maintains records to document system and programming development and revisions.
• Leverages CI/CD automation and best practices to deliver quality solutions to our end users
• Applies iterative development to continuously deliver value through frequent deployments
• Mentor’s other application developers in Swift development.
• Ensures adherence to appropriate design, coding and cybersecurity standards.
• Leads design and code walk-thru as a presenter or reviewer.

Expertise in application memory management, 
identifying and fixing leaks, multithreading, networking & Security

Strong understanding of core algorithms and data structures.
Experience in developing test cases for the code is a must have. Automated test development is a nice to have skill.
Knowledge of A/B testing or persona approaches.
Knowledge of Test Driven Development (TDD) would be a nice to have.
Experience and passion to work in a fast-paced Agile environment, delivering functional features in small time durations
Comfortable working together as a team in estimating and refining user stories and reasoning the estimation.
Experience in data management including access, cache management etc.
Strong in-depth knowledge in iOS SDK, device APIs, objective C/Swift.
Expertise in developing data driven applications.
Expertise in developing custom widgets with flexibility and reusability in mind
Expertise in Publishing mobile applications to Apple App Store - including packaging, signing, certificate generation & management, iTunes portal access.
Expertise in various data exchange protocols like json, soap, protobuff, etc.
Expertise with different source code versioning strategies including branching, forking and merging.
